[JENKINS-55664] Include developer documentation (#92)
jenkinsci/jenkinsfile-runner: DEVELOPER.md

integration with [Custom WAR Packer](https://github.com/jenkinsci/custom-war-packager/).

## `app` module

Picks what's necessary from other modules by adding them as dependencies and configures
the `appassembler-maven-plugin` so that an assembly is generated, containing the Jenkinsfile Runner as an
executable script.

## `bootstrap` module

Contains special classloader configuration so that Jenkinsfile Runner is able to work both with Jenkins classes and with the
own project classes. It also contains the `Bootstrap` class:
  * The `main()` for the Jenkinsfile Runner application.
  * Configures the execution based on the values of the provided parameters.
  * Launches the execution.

## `payload` module

Contains the configuration for the "real" pipeline job to be configured and run on the ephemeral Jenkins instance. It basically:
  * Creates a Pipeline job configured to optimize performance.
  * Sets the Jenkinsfile to be executed.
  * Sets the specified parameters.
  * (Un)Sets the script security plugin security layer.
  * Schedules a build and wait for the finalisation, redirecting the logs to the system output.

## `payload-dependencies` module

> The `payload` module needs to depend on the presence of many other plugins,

Reviewer: It sounds weird to me and maybe I'm misunderstanding you. What about this?
```suggestion
The `payload` module depends on the presence of many other plugins,
```
